# Reddit-RL-simulator
This repository provides simulator codes for predicting and tracking popular discussion threads on Reddit.

### Data
[Google drive link](https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B1E_psSh6yvQQ0FJRWJBTDFQQ1U)

Please copy the .db database files and put them under reddit-RL-simulator/data/

### Usage (dependencies: Python 2.7)
```
python MySimulator.py --K 3 --N 10 --dataFile data/askscience.db
```
After typing the above command, you will see the following print-outs (state, list of sub-actions, reward). The sub-action order may differ.

State is a list of comments being tracked (the length of list depends on _M_ argument):
>state: [u'Is the heat I feel when I face a bonfire transmitted to me mostly by infrared radiation or by heated air?']

Action:
>actions: [u"Thanks! Follow up question, if it's not too complicated to answer: Similar to what henrebotha asked, how come visible light doesn't heat me up while infrared wavelengths do? Do other wavelengths warm humans similarly to infrared, or is that a property unique to that range of the spectrum?", u'[deleted]', u'[deleted]', u"&gt; visible light\n\nBut then (and please forgive the extremely ignorant question) why doesn't it feel hot when I shine a flashlight at my face? \n\nEDIT: Thanks, I've gotten plenty of half explanations now. ", u'Yes, you are right. \n\nThe thermal radiation created by the bonfire travels away in all directions. Heat that is transferred via convection mostly travels upwards as the heated air billows up. If you are to the side of the fire, the heat you receive is transferred via thermal radiation. If you are standing directly above the fire, you receive heat from both thermal radiation *and* convection. For this reason, directly above the fire is the hottest place to be. I don\'t recommend it. \n\nNote that thermal radiation can include many different wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation and not just infrared, although infrared is the dominant type near room temperature. For a bonfire, the thermal radiation is composed of both infrared radiation *and* visible light in significant amounts.\n\nUPDATE: In loose usage, the term "thermal radiation" means "radiation that is able to heat an object upon being absorbed by the object". In this usage, all electromagnetic radiation is thermal radiation, from radio waves to gamma rays. In the more strict usage of the term, "thermal radiation" means "radiation that is produced in a broad spectrum that depends on the temperature of the source". In this stricter usage, the visible light from LED flashlights is not thermal radiation, since LED flashlights do not operate that way. Each photon from the LED flashlight is not different from a photon of the same frequency from a campfire - they can both heat something they strike. But the spectral frequency distribution of the photons from an LED bulb is not thermal.', u"But read the post above mine:\n\n&gt; the **thermal** radiation is composed of both infrared radiation and visible light **in significant amounts**.\n\nIt's saying there's a significant amount of visible thermal radiation. What's the difference between visible thermal radiation and light? ", u'[deleted]', u'It is simply because of power. A good old fashioned flashlight with a tungsten bulb will probably emit 90% infra red and 10% visible, but there will only be 20 watts in total. A bonfire on the other hand will be emitting around 5,000 to 50,000 watts or more, mostly in the infra red spectrum.\n\nStand next to a 1000 watt light bulb, you will feel the heat.\n\nEDIT: Reading some of the replies below, there is one example everybody can relate to. If you set up a 1000 watt green laser beam (that would be a powerful cutting laser) it can be entirely visible light on one wavelength, but it will heat up and vaporise a piece of steel some distance away. But to confuse things, a lot of cutting lasers use infra red light simply because it is more efficient to produce.', u"&gt;Stand next to a 1000 watt light bulb, you will feel the heat.\n\nBut aren't you still just feeling the heat from IR given off by the bulb, not the visible light? I sounds /u/henrebotha was thinking that by /u/chrisbaird's description, /uchrisbaird is saying that you feel the heat from the visible light given off by the bonfire.", u'Flashlights are designed to primarily output visible light, IR output is minimized. ']

### Reference
1. Ji He, Mari Ostendorf, Xiaodong He, Jianshu Chen, Jianfeng Gao, Lihong Li and Li Deng. [_Deep Reinforcement Learning with a Combinatorial Action Space for Predicting and Tracking Popular Discussion Threads._](http://arxiv.org/abs/1606.03667) Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP). 2016.
